Examples for cc7800 
-------------------

To compile (from the cc7800 main directory) :
```
cc7800 -g -v --insert-code -Iheaders examples/XXX.c
```
or from the examples directory :
```
cc7800 -g -v --insert-code -I../headers XXX.c
```

example_multisprite.c
---------------------

Basic usage of the `multisprite.h` header, that provides double buffering sprites display (and much more).
Functions used in this example:
- `multisprite_init`, which sets up a 160x224 double buffer display.
- `multisprite_set_charbase`, which initializes the tiles graphics pointer.
- `multisprite_display_tiles`, which displays a series of tile on screen.
- `multisprite_save`, which saves a background to be used from frame to frame.
- `multisprite_color`, which is a macro that enables PAL/NTSC independant color settings.
- `multisprite_flip`, which flips the screen buffers.
- `multisprite_display_sprite`, which is the standard basic function to display sprites.

example_vertical_scrolling.c
----------------------------

Add a background scrolling to the previous example (macro `VERTICAL_SCROLLING`). 
Vertical scrolling is done through the call to `multisprite_vertical_scrolling`.
A scrolling buffer must be filled when asked for (through the `multisprite_vscroll_buffer_empty` function).
The scrolling buffer is filled through the `multisprite_scroll_buffer_tiles` and
`multisprite_vscroll_buffer_sprite` functions.

An additional feature shown in this example is the DMA control capability (through
the `DMA_CHECK` macro). This enables to reserve some DMA time (through 
`multisprite_reserve_dma`) for drawing something ON TOP of sprites (ensuring that
these sprites won't eat up all DMA). We use `multisprite_display_sprite_fast` for the hello world
text overlay in order to skip the DMA test for this one.

example_score.c
---------------

Adds a top zone to the previous example (macros `_MS_NB_TOP_ZONES` and `_MS_NB_SCROLLING_ZONES`). 
The top zone is not subject to double buffering and sprites are not drawn on it. It must be
manually set by `multisprite_set_top_zone_dl` to which a display list (manually crafted) must be provided. The example
shows how to set this display list to display a score.

test_helloworld.c
-----------------

Custom made display using only the 'prosystem.h' header. Displays a "Hello World" message using provided "Army font".
Generates a 8K ROM, the smallest possible cart generated by cc7800.

test_sprite.c
-------------
Custom made display and moving sprite using only the `prosystem.h`
header (no helper). Note the use of `holeydma` keyword that enables cc7800 to put
the sprite graphics data into a holeydma enabled memory spot (necessary for
displaying a sprite laying over 2 display lists). Note that this code is for NTSC only.

test_text.c
-----------
Custom made display using only the `prosystem.h` header (no helper). 
Note that this code is for NTSC only.

test_rand.c
-----------
Custom made display using only the `prosystem.h` header (no helper). 
`rand()` function from `stdlib.h` is used to continuously alter the background color. Note that this code is for NTSC only.


test_conio.c
------------

Example of use of the `conio.h` header. Shows color text display
with custom character, since only the 128 first characters are defined
in the standard font. As it's using the `conio.h` header, both NTSC and PAL
displays are supported (autodetected).

test_itoa.c
-----------

Example of use of `itoa` function implemented in `stdlib.h` header. Results are displayed using `conio.h`

test_bankswitching.c
--------------------

Custom made display and moving sprite using only the `prosystem.h`
header (no helper). The init function is set in `bank1` (default bank is bank0,
which for supergames is fixed and set at the end of the ROM). As 2 banks are
being used, cc7800 automatically generates a SuperGame cartridge (see `-v` verbose output of
the compiler to understand the memory layout).

test_nmi.c
----------

Displays 64 sprites moving on screen, using `multisprite.h` headers (double buffering).
Background color is changed in the middle of the screen through an interrupt (NMI =
non maskable interrupt). Note the use of the special definition `SHORT_INTERRUPT`
that tells cc7800 not to save the X and Y registers, since they are not altered by the interrupt code.

test_paddles.c
--------------

Continuous reading of 4 paddles using an interrupt. Note that paddles reading takes a lot of CPU.










